README.asciidoc, before:

// SPDX-License-Identifier: BlueOak-1.0.0
// SPDX-FileCopyrightText: 2023 Saulius Krasuckas <saulius2_at_ar-fi_point_lt> | sskras

= Linux tools for setting up software

(Mostly a sysadmin things)

== Initialize the remote host

Run the first script in a row with a remote target as the first argument: `./steps-00-init [user@]host`

```sh
$ ./steps-00-init root@omn.ssh
/usr/bin/ssh-copy-id: INFO: Source of key(s) to be installed: "/home/sskras/.ssh/id_rsa.pub"
/usr/bin/ssh-copy-id: INFO: attempting to log in with the new key(s), to filter out any that are already installed
/usr/bin/ssh-copy-id: INFO: 1 key(s) remain to be installed -- if you are prompted now it is to install the new keys
root@omn.ssh's password:
Permission denied, please try again.
root@omn.ssh's password:
Executing /root/.bashrc
Executing /root/.bash_functions

Number of key(s) added: 1

Now try logging into the machine, with:   "ssh -o 'StrictHostKeyChecking=accept-new' 'root@omn.ssh'"
and check to make sure that only the key(s) you wanted were added.

Testing key-based SSH-auth:

Thu Mar  7 12:34:44 PM EET 2024  uid=0(root) gid=0(root) groups=0(root) logged in succesfully on omn
Thu Mar  7 12:34:44 PM EET 2024  Host summary:  12:34:44 up 8 days, 12:31,  5 users,  load average: 0.00, 0.00, 0.00
```

== Bootstrap the OS setup

Ensure the prerequisite tools (Git, GNU Make) are installed:
```sh
curl -s https://raw.githubusercontent.com/saukrs/linux-tools/main/steps--1-bootstrap | sh
```

\... or via shortened URLs:

- &nbsp;
  +++ <sub> +++
  Via Twitter
  +++ </sub> +++
```sh
curl -L t.co/a4GqgzcBUz | sh

```

- &nbsp;
  +++ <sub> +++
  Via inbox.LV
  +++ <br /> +++
  &nbsp;
  (unreliable, may fail when an ad gets inserted)
  +++ </sub> +++
```sh
curl -L inx.lv/mGve | sh

Commit message:

`README.asciidoc`: Enhance description of the remote host initialization

README.asciidoc, after:

// SPDX-License-Identifier: BlueOak-1.0.0
// SPDX-FileCopyrightText: 2023 Saulius Krasuckas <saulius2_at_ar-fi_point_lt> | sskras

= Linux tools for setting up software

(Mostly a sysadmin things)

== Initialize the remote host

Run the top-most script with a remote target pointed in the first argument:

```
./steps-00-init [user@]hostname
```

Eg:

```sh
$ ./steps-00-init root@omn.ssh
/usr/bin/ssh-copy-id: INFO: Source of key(s) to be installed: "/home/sskras/.ssh/id_rsa.pub"
/usr/bin/ssh-copy-id: INFO: attempting to log in with the new key(s), to filter out any that are already installed
/usr/bin/ssh-copy-id: INFO: 1 key(s) remain to be installed -- if you are prompted now it is to install the new keys
root@omn.ssh's password:
Permission denied, please try again.
root@omn.ssh's password:
Executing /root/.bashrc
Executing /root/.bash_functions

Number of key(s) added: 1

Now try logging into the machine, with:   "ssh -o 'StrictHostKeyChecking=accept-new' 'root@omn.ssh'"
and check to make sure that only the key(s) you wanted were added.

Testing key-based SSH-auth:

Thu Mar  7 12:34:44 PM EET 2024  uid=0(root) gid=0(root) groups=0(root) logged in succesfully on omn
Thu Mar  7 12:34:44 PM EET 2024  Host summary:  12:34:44 up 8 days, 12:31,  5 users,  load average: 0.00, 0.00, 0.00
```

== Bootstrap the OS setup

Ensure the prerequisite tools (Git, GNU Make) are installed:
```sh
curl -s https://raw.githubusercontent.com/saukrs/linux-tools/main/steps--1-bootstrap | sh
```

\... or via shortened URLs:

- &nbsp;
  +++ <sub> +++
  Via Twitter
  +++ </sub> +++
```sh
curl -L t.co/a4GqgzcBUz | sh

```

- &nbsp;
  +++ <sub> +++
  Via inbox.LV
  +++ <br /> +++
  &nbsp;
  (unreliable, may fail when an ad gets inserted)
  +++ </sub> +++
```sh
curl -L inx.lv/mGve | sh
